Eve already fell before she fell (Gen. 3:6), she had begun to see the tree of good and evil in the lens of the description/information she got from the serpent. Lust had been activated and was at work. The lust of the flesh(she saw that the tree was good for food) lust of the eyes (and that it was pleasant to the eyes), pride of life (and a tree to be desired to make one wise)

This lust led to sin, eating from the tree as God directed not to, and sin conceived death, for God caused them.

The protocol of lust starts from the flesh, hence if the flesh is dealt with, you will see things and not be moved, desires for the fleeting ways of the world will be of non effect to you.
This is why we fast, this is why our body needs a quickening, this is why Paul said he put his body under so he will not be a cast away after leading many to life.

The devil uses whatever works of the flesh we as men have in us (in the flesh) against us. However we can live beyond the flesh. Jesus' live on earth was so supernatural, a live of obedience and consecration to the the Father that the devil came and found nothing of his in Him. The ways he had concocted had no place in Jesus.

Indeed a woman should be submissive and not usurp the authority of the man. She should honor/follow her husband even as he follows Christ. The woman was deceived, having given in to lust, so Paul said that as godly women, the woman should adorn herself with sobriety and shamefacedness not looking for a fruit that will make her wise as the devil painted. Fixing your gaze on that which is natural instead of desiring the supernatural God. And even today, you see women so focused on marriage instead of pleasing God and a life worthy of the maker. The fashion of this world passeth way, in a few years, marriage as is known according to man's culture will be no more. Thou woman, follow thine husband even as he follows Christ.

Yet the woman is not completely without salvation for her touch with the natural world provides help to the man while he sojourns on the earth, no wonder he who findeth a wife has found a good thing and has received the favor of God even as the Lord favored the first Adam by giving him an help meet. And in child bearing, the woman produces that which is the heritage of God and the generation of righteousness has opportunity to further multiply on earth. In fact, ones wife is supposed to give comfort to man even as he moves along in this world (Gen. 24:67- Isaac was comforted after Rebekah became his wife).

There are things that we do, and it is because we are in this world that we do them. When we leave this world, there will no longer be gender and we will not have to do certain duties anymore as we know it. Yet Paul said, all things are lawful unto me though not all expedient, I will not be bound to the power of any. It is not everything that man does that edifieth, so it is worthy and wise if a man will do away with those things that will not build him/her up. However if marriage will build you up, do marry. Many people have learnt through marriage to be submissive, loving, unselfish, patient, obedient. If God wills, marry and marry who He wills, else it is good that a man not touch a woman.
